FFWEB-1606: Added information about `channel` to `API` and `Documentition` section (#241)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/ff-checkout-tracking.md

The `price` attribute specifies the price of the bought item. If this attribute is not present, it will be inferred from the clicked item and the configured [fieldRoles](/documentation/3.x/field-roles).

> The `channel` attribute specifies the channel, tracking request should be send to. If this attribute is not present, default value configured in `ff-communication` will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `channel` attribute specifies the channel to which a tracking request should be sent. If this attribute is not present, the default value configured in `ff-communication` will be used.
```

```HTML
<ff-checkout-tracking>

>     <ff-checkout-tracking-item record-id="10321926" count="5" channel="NEW_CHANNEL"></ff-checkout-tracking-item>

Reviewer: In the _Tracking Guide_ it is `channel="[NEW_CHANNEL]"`. For consistency I would suggest to remove `[ ]` in the _Tracking Guide_.

Author: changed
